Update query-folding-basics.md (#507)
MicrosoftDocs/powerquery-docs: powerquery-docs/query-folding-basics.md

>[!TIP]
>You can think of the M script as a recipe that describes how to prepare your data.
The M script is accessible through the advanced editor window or the script view in the formula bar. M script serves as the set of instructions needed by the Power Query engine to evaluate queries and output results. You can think of the M script as a recipe that describes how to prepare your data.

The most common way to create an M script is by using the Power Query editor. For example, when you connect to a data source, such as a SQL Server database, you'll notice on the right-hand side of your screen that there's a section called [applied steps](applied-steps.md). This section displays all the steps or transforms used in your query. In this sense, the Power Query editor serves as an interface to help you create the appropriate M script for the transforms that you're after, and ensures that the code you use is valid.
## Applied steps 

>[!NOTE]
> The M script is used in the Power Query editor to:
>
> - Display the query as a series of steps and allow the creation or modification of new steps.

> > - Display a diagram view.

Author: I actually do not understand this note. If this is important it should go to a normal paragraph

- **Sorted rows**: Sorts the table using one or more columns.
- **Kept top rows**: Filters the table to only keep a certain number of rows from the top of the table.

> This set of step names is a friendly way to view the M script that Power Query has created for you. There are several ways to view the full M script. In Power Query, you can select **Advanced Editor** in the **View** tab. You can also select **Advanced Editor** from the **Query** group in the **Home** tab. In some versions of Power Query, you can also change the view of the formula bar to show the query script by going into the **View** tab, and from the **Layout** group, select **Script view** > **Query script**.

Author: The only way is the Advanced Editor which I am using a lot. There are not many ways, it's basically one step that differs between versions. Full m script = code = advanced editor. Could be simpler here.

Author: ```suggestion
This set of step names is a friendly way to view the M script that Power Query has created for you. To view the full M script. In Power Query, select **Advanced Editor** in the **View** tab or select **Advanced Editor** from the **Query** group in the **Home** tab. In some versions of Power Query, you can also go to the **View** tab and select **Script view** > **Query script** from the **Layout** group to change the view of the formula bar to show the query script.
```

In some versions of Power Query is still unclear. Which?

5. The results derived from the previous point are loaded to a destination.

>[!NOTE]
>While this example showcases a query with an SQL Database as a data source, the concept applies to queries with or without a data source.

## Query folding

When Power Query reads your M script, it runs the script through an optimization process to evaluate your query. This optimization process is called *query folding*. The goal of query folding is to determine which steps (transforms) from your query can be offloaded to your data source that can compute the transformations of your query and which other steps need to be evaluated using the Power Query engine.

The query folding mechanism in Power Query translates your M script to a language that can be interpreted and executed by your data source. It then pushes the evaluation to your data source and sends the result of that evaluation to Power Query. This operation often provides a much faster query execution than extracting all the required data from your data source and running all transforms required in the Power Query engine.

>[!IMPORTANT]

> >All rules from the [Power Query M language](/powerquery-m/) are followed. *lazy evaluation* is important during the optimization process because this is when Power Query understands that only specific transforms from your query need to be evaluated because they are needed in the query output.

Author: ```suggestion
>All rules from the [Power Query M language](/powerquery-m/) are followed. Most notably, *lazy evaluation* is important during the optimization process because this is when Power Query understands that only specific transforms from your query need to be evaluated because they are needed in the query output.
```

>[!NOTE]
>While this example showcases a query with a SQL Database as a data source, the concept applies to queries with or without a data source.

> When Power Query reads your M script, it runs the script through an optimization process to evaluate your query. In this process, it determines which steps (transforms) from your query can be offloaded to your data source. It also determines which other steps need to be evaluated using the Power Query engine.

Author: ```suggestion
When Power Query reads your M script, it runs the script through an optimization process to evaluate your query. In this process, it determines which steps (transforms) from your query can be offloaded to your data source.
```

this does not add any value because "other steps" is unclear. isn't it sufficient to have the first sentence "runs the script through an optimization process to evaluate your query"?

> This optimization process is called *query folding*, where Power Query tries to push as much of the possible execution to the data source to optimize your query's execution.

Author: shouldn't this be at the top?

> However, the steps that follow in your query are the steps or transforms that the query folding mechanism attempts to optimize. It then checks if they can be offloaded to your data source instead of being processed using the Power Query engine.

Author: repeats the previous part.

>[!IMPORTANT]

> > All data source functions, commonly shown as the **Source** step of a query, query the data at the data source in its native language. The query folding mechanism is utilized on all transforms applied to your query after your data source function so they can be translated and combined into a single data source query or as many transforms that can be offloaded to the data source.

Author: reads like Chinese to me. Need to re-read and understand it. Maybe it is just a missing example.
